I would like to actually start with one
of the supplications of
Z throughout the Quran Zakaria makes
three different duas three and one is
very detailed the other two are very
short just one line one Ayah sounds good
what I will start with is the longest of
the three very detailed as I say it and
as I explain it I want you do your best
to forget anything you know about
zakaram okay whatever you know about
Zakaria pretend you're a new Muslim or
someone that has no idea or maybe you
just really don't know this is verse
number two from Surah maram chapter 19
so if you even read the Quran that's
exactly how it sounds fair enough all
right Allah sub
says this is a reminder of the mercy of
your lord to his servant Zakaria this is
a story of Zakaria and Allah says this
is an example of how my
Mercy is applied so guys ready to see
Allah's Mercy being
applied Z what does he
say oh he didn't say anything yet he
chose the location first first so when
he making Dua he wants the right spot
you know when you want your internet the
best spot for that connection that's why
he went there first he's not going to
upload
anything he's not going to ask for
anything until he's in the right spot
right condition and all these things to
keep in mind while you make what Dua
whenever you can to fulfill those when
he called out to his Lord privately why
privately you don't know anything about
Zakaria why why privately why would you
call Allah privately what do you think
why privately why no one is listening to
him why no one is able to see him why he
chose that location what do you think go
ahead sincerity may Allah make you of
the sincere maybe he wants to be more
sincere right I don't want to be showing
off for someone walking by I want to be
so focused so sincere another possible
reason did you guys ever make Dua so
secretly because if someone heard you
you will be
embarrassed exactly imagine the night of
the 27th of Ramadan people asking for
heaven and protection from hell and
you're like Ya Allah iPhone 13 Pro cash
right there's nothing wrong with doing
that there's nothing wrong s nothing
wrong but why you say it privately
because you don't want your parents to
hear or others to hear because they like
seriously this is what you ask for
because they may belittle you and
sometimes people may think you lost your
mind that's what you ask for but let's
see why he went privately sincerity for
sure then what did zakar say check it
out next
slide he start say y y my Lord what's my
Lord my caretaker my master okay what is
he going to ask for let's see he says
you guys do not know Zakaria you're
being introduced to him now he's like
yaah Allah privately very
quietly I am so
old my bones are so weak are so
brittle if I were to sneeze there's a
chance I would fracture my
bone that's how old he is then he
explains more he
says and my white hair has spread all
over my head it's flaming white you will
not be able to see a single black hair
so you don't know Zakaria first time you
hear right now what comes to your mind
how old is he right he is so old he's
older than most people you ever saw on
Earth at this point the way he
explaining it he can barely carry
himself so when he said before for my
bones hurt that's the inside and my head
is full of white hair that's the outside
but then he says something very
interesting he
says and yeah Allah I was never
disappointed whenever I made Dua to you
Ya Allah he says I was never ever making
Dua to you Ya Allah and then things
turned out to be bad against me so this
shows it is someone that is what has
always been making Dua like his resume
of Dua is like 900 Pages 1,500 Pages a
man this old says I was never
disappointed whenever I made Dua to you
Ya Allah then what happened then he
says and Ya Allah Ya Allah as old as I
am I'm scared about something what is it
I'm scared of those that will come after
me from leadership I'm scared that they
might not be qualified
ah qualified that shows that he's a
leader so he says after me after I pass
away I'm not comfortable with the Next
Generation I'm not even comfortable with
the current generation I don't see
anyone that can be the vice Prophet the
next leader Ya Allah I'm so terrified
before I
proceed what do you guys see so far he's
showing his weakness to Allah subhanahu
wa ta'ala and when you do that to people
I am telling you it's
humiliating to the most part unless a
counselor a doctor even them it's
humiliating but sometimes you have to do
it yes but to Allah subhana wa T when
you're broken in front of him W it
dignifies as
you his bones cannot hold him his hair
is Flaming white he's weak in the eyes
of the people but he's seeking
intercession with his white hair because
to Allah it makes him stronger
to the world he's weak to Allah he got
stronger did you see that so go to Allah
with your weakness Allah turns the
weakness to
strength so he
says and Ya Allah my wife is bearing my
wife was never has never been able to be
pregnant Ya Allah what is going on you
see the introduction then what he says
after
that so grant me by your grace your Dua
if someone hears your introd uction they
should be able to know what is it you
will eventually ask that's a proper Dua
are you guys with me a proper Dua is
your intro the way you start the words
that you choose should hint what's
coming next so he clearly shows he
clearly shows he's very old you can have
the whole story he's so old he's always
been making Dua and he's so terrified
about the leadership
my wife had never been pregnant so
please by your grace can only you can
give it to me what do you wantah a
successor may Allah allow us to have
successors that represents us and
represents the dean in a way that is
pleasing to Allah say a mean then he
specifies why do you want a child for
many people want to get married
correct many people want children so let
the greatest human being within the
prophet Circle tell us why should you
want to get married why should you seek
to have children anytime a person asks
you why do you want to get married the
following answer to an extent we have to
customize it for us should be the
following that's why we get married
that's why we want to have children here
we
go who will inherit from me and the
family of Jacob
Zakaria is not talking about money do
you guys know what Zakaria used to work
as what was his occupation what's
zakaria's occupation take a shot at it
go ahead go ahead try
yes what is it a farmer close close he
used to be a Shepherd that one point but
we have an authentic Hadith in Muslim of
the Prophet
says he was a
sisters Nar excellent he was a carpenter
so he's not a very well off individual
say Ya Allah who's going to take over my
money no that's not what he's talking
about the prophet sallallahu alaihi
wasallam he says the prophets do not
leave any inheritance behind it's
authentic Hadith you guys with me the
prophets do not leave any inheritance
behind so where does the land that you
have goes where does your money goes to
goes where to the bank of the Muslims B
Muslim guys with me so now what is he
wanting for his son to inherit or the
child that he's praying for to inherit
knowledge to inherit Islam to inherit
the ability to preach and talk to people
to inherit profood if
possible then he
says Allah please Ya Allah I beg you
make him someone who is pleasing what
does that mean I want a child that's how
we make Dua for kids people is Ya Allah
grant me a child that is pleasing to you
my number one concern about my kids is
to raise them in the way that Allah's
pleased by
them can may Allah make us reach that
goal y may Allah make us focused on that
goal you know what does this mean Ya
Allah make him pleasing and he says not
pleasing to you but also pleasing to
their Believers I want the Believers to
love him and there's nothing wrong with
that and asking Allah for the Believers
to want love one another may Allah love
you all and may allaha allow us to
gather under his throne when there's no
shade except his shade say
aan you know what that kind of father
does and mother they're the kind of
parents that will never and I say never
with full
conviction they will never allow or
accept their 15
yearold to skip fer because of an exam
coming upir
to say that because their ultimate thing
is I want my son my daughter my kids to
be pleasing to Allah subhana tala so
this means Allah comes before everything
and anything including us the
parents that's how we raise our
children oh how do we behave when
there's a project let's be very Frank
with one another I know there's a lot of
parents I'm talking to myself before I'm
even talking to you and my kids are
sitting here so may Allah make it easier
for all of us say I mean cuz man I give
you two three and half lectures I go
back home they're like so Mr righteous
father right like you know move on right
so how do we raise our kids how do we
behave when there's a project I may you
have said that before but I say it once
again get up let's do this project
together come on your grades your school
I'm not paying for your tuition get your
own scholarship come on and struggling
because you want to save yourself not
even just save the kids Subhan Allah but
Allah
says oh you who
believe Allah says oh Believers parents
and emphasis especially on the brothers
the fathers your responsibility to
educate your spouses and your kids why
save them from What Ya Allah Nar from
Hellfire what's the fuel of Hellfire
Hellfire is not through actual gasoline
it's not through electric charging the
fuel of hell are two things what are
they rocks and human beings may Allah
protect
us so you need to do your best for your
family not to be fuel of Hell may Allah
protect
us with this being said you can see
something very important here zakar is
showing us something we should all
strive for and Ya Allah make it clearly
come from me and Ya Allah make it
understood to the people listening to me
say a mean
Zar is showing you something he's been
making Dua to Allah until his bones can
no longer carry him right until his hair
is all white and he's not giving up on
asking Allah for a child he is showing
us that of the most important things in
life and priority for an adult is to get
married and have
children that should be a priority in in
your life as an adult marriage children
and the marriage and the children should
be
what I will not get married to this man
or a sister a man says I'll get married
to this woman because of this and
because of that I want someone that
is I want a wife that is pleasing to
Allah tala a wife that is beloved by the
Believers ass I want a husband that is I
want a husband that cares about Allah I
want a husband that fears Allah when he
treats me I want a husband that when he
says something good he knows Allah will
appreciate that and I want a husband
that knows Allah will punish him if he
oppresses me even for a glint that's the
type of spouse that you want then you
have kids of that magnitude why because
the best thing we can ever do in our
lives what is it the prophet says in an
authentic Hadith the best thing you can
ever do in your life is to do what Allah
told you to do that's a fact and the
best thing you do to the creation is to
help them do the
obligations so when you have a righteous
spouse and a righteous child you know
what the prophet said sallallahu alaihi
wasallam he says everything in this
Dunya will come to an end this table
will eventually rot you and I will
eventually die someone else will come
here someone else will sit there correct
someone else will set up the lights and
the microphone and everything and we
will all all go and next group comes and
the the prophet says the best thing on
earth is
what the best thing of the things that
vanish is
what a righteous wife that's it you drop
the mic you break the mic whatever you
want to do do a righteous husband is one
of the greatest things a woman can ever
have in her life so with that being said
should we not put this in our Dua with
that being said should you not put 100%
effort into that with that being said
are you going to take it lightly who you
speak who you text who you DM who you
hang out with and who you hear from and
who you this is the most important thing
what about children the prophet
sallallahu alaihi wasallam he says when
a person dies that book that book is
shut the book of Good Deeds is shut you
cannot add any more to your balance of
except from three resources
allahar number one
you were left behind knowledge people
benefit from a book that you published a
video you uploaded an article that you
wrote a a a class that you taught
someone how to
read every time they read it you get
that's one you notice something here
you're teaching other people so the
involvement of
others to make your good deeds to do
what to
continue the second one and a continuous
charity a well that you build a school
that you renovate a Masid that you
expand and whoever attends what happens
you get good deeds and what's the third
one and a righteous son or daughter that
prays for that person that's how the
Good Deeds continue to accumulate all
three involve people around us nothing
has to do with you alone not one of the
three has to do with you alone it's
about the creation what have you done to
the people what have you done to the
world so don't say Zakaria selfish why
Zakaria saying I want someone to learn
the de and preach it because I know that
the first one that will benefit from
learning is the one who is speaking did
you see that so if I have my son
educated my daughter educated and
worships Allah they will benefit in
addition to the ones around them and you
know what's so
sad is when we live at a
time that goes completely against what
Zakaria is teaching us that we will
postpone though we're ready we will push
away though we're
capable we will ignore and even delete
the idea though it is a something you
have to do and say I want to focus on
this a man that is illegible or capable
of getting married financially
physically like not now I want to grow
in my company and so on I'm like you're
not you're not reading Zakaria story are
you
you don't want you don't want to change
that Dua and say Ya Allah I'm so old I
never knew no not you know you know now
I know now right we don't want to live a
life where the system the society pushes
everything away from
family say sallallahu alaihi wasallam
when he says sallallahu alaihi wasallam
to the brothers a woman is married
usually sisters also take notes see what
how men
think says a man is interested in women
in four different dimensions number one
based on her what looks number two based
on her wealth how rich she is number
three based on her status and number
four based on her religion so the
prophet sallallahu alaihi wasallam tells
you make sure the one you choose has
religion otherwise you will be
humiliated and W he said the truth
sallallah alaih wasallam you'll be
humiliated you Wonder like who gets
married for looks oh Brothers
know how can someone how can a man marry
today's time a woman just for status
that's it for a situation in the in the
city how is that how is that people know
back in the day like ohab right the
tribe of so on so which kind of applies
today Prestige but how can it happen
today status you guys are scared huh the
ones who marry just for the
citizenship oh
there's people suffering here shabab
shab fear Allah this clapping was never
to taken place before right this
is may Allah protect us right so
sometimes people like I just want to ask
a question does she pray no that's not
the point does she have a passport Allah
protect us right and for the
Sisters I got you Brothers I know I went
hard but I promise I I got you insh
he
says when some someone comes to you a
man comes to
you someone comes to you you appreciate
their level of religiosity because now
you see it's what subjective to a sister
can be different than another sister he
says whatever is pleasing the level of
religiosity and character so what he
said alai wasam said if you do not right
I I don't want him no not him for
unjustifiable
reasons the prophet said corruption will
take over
Earth corruption will spread may Allah
protect us so you see what we learned
from
the zakar he hears of a sponsorship
opportunity he's very old but but he
hears of a sponsorship opportunity this
can be very detailed but for the sake of
tonight's session I'll go very quick
over it Zakaria is married to a
wonderful woman since long time ago in
English the wife of Zakaria is known as
Elizabeth doesn't matter right it's
Elizabeth just for the sake of the
conversation Zakaria alam's wife is
Elizabeth who is zakaria's father-in-law
help me raise your hand Iman excellent
his father-in-law isan and who isan's
wife the wife
ofan right that's what Allah says the
wife ofan but in some books it says
Hannah okay but let's move on after many
many many many years like you can
imagine how old is his
mother-in-law his mother-in-law ends up
being what
pregnant can you imagine and he was not
ashamed of that some of us are ashamed
what do you mean some of you know what
I'm talking about some of you maybe very
few remember when you were like in high
school and your mom was expecting
like right Mama Don't drop me at the bus
stop please stay home okay I'm supposed
to be married you're supposed to be a
grandma all right stay there don't be
ashamed by that don't may Allah protect
you I'll say I mean so when zakaria's
mother-in-law was pregnant she was so
happy because ye years and years like
she's really old and she gets the second
shot so it's a miracle but not like like
it's a miracle but she already had a
child before you see that you see the
level level one she had a child and many
many many many many many many years
later she got pregnant when she was
pregnant her husband passed away as one
opinion
says so she that mother really wanted to
take care of that child when she
delivered that child it was a girl and
she says I named her
maram now she vowed that this kid that
child she wants that child to be
dedicated for Allah subhah wa ta'ala and
for the worshippers of Allah for Allah
and the worshippers of Allah and since
she's a girl there are certain
limitations in which how she can be in
the Mah the prayer the Masid area guess
with me so then the mother of Mariam she
goes and tries to find a sponsor for her
daughter financially educationally the
whole package and as she goes and
represents her kid for
sponsorship who came forth really quick
and says I want to do it who did Zakaria
Al and how amazing is that how amazing
is that that he went at such old age
he's going to help
someone they have something you always
dreamt about but if I didn't get it I
will help you grow it
allahar
unbelievable how many times people don't
have the thing that they want and they
are not willing to help those that have
it and grow it and they know how so the
next time there's a fundraiser for a
school Islamic school for example don't
say I don't have my kids in there what's
the point no I can't have my kids in
there I'll help other people's kids go
there so all these things to appreciate
that's how we should be thinking and one
other thing by the way whenever you do
that and you raise to it the chances of
you getting it increases and that's how
Allah made us so now when he wants to
say you know I got this who comes and
argues with him some other people
because maram comes from a very Noble
family and they were arguing they're
fighting I will take care of her I will
take care of her so there's a group of
brothers that came and says I want to
take care of her they start fighting so
Allah
said so they drew Lots okay everybody
throws their pen into a river they throw
the pen all the people that want to take
care of miam the scholars and so on and
they say whatever pen does not go with
the water flow is the one that will
sponsor marah 1 2 three they threw their
pens the river is Flowing so all the
pens go and one pen gets stuck does not
go and whose pen is that Zakaria okay
one more time 1 2 three they throw the
pens all the pens flow flow flow and one
pen gets stuck Zakaria third time
Zakaria Allah
says and Zakaria is the one who's going
to be the sponsor
of and I want you to imagine that your
Mentor the one who's taking care of you
is a prophet of Allah subhah wa ta'ala
so the chances of you being great is
incredible what did Allah say
about what did he
say something very cool ready for this
maram herself the seed is so blessed and
the nourisher of the seed is also very
blessed can you imagine if both are per
amazing so he she herself is incredible
and so is her guardian and teacher and
imagine the support system around her
from her mom to her sister to her very
old brother-in-law who is a prophet of
Allah the best man perhaps in the entire
area teaching maram Alam in addition to
her greatness from within and we know
some of the qualities of maram
and she was a very elite devoted
worshipper and she was extremely modest
as Allah clearly says in the Quran and
was so
pure Zak so so so elegant so pure away
from the Haram away from meaningless
conversations and she was extremely
educated and this is very important
because some people can worship Allah a
lot true story can be modest can be pure
but they're not very educated so you
want to make sure you got that fair
enough and get all four inshallah
because when you don't have the
education you will have a weak
Foundation now I want you to imagine you
see someone like that especially a young
person like that the older you are the
more you realize how great would it be
to have a child like that right and here
we know as a Allah knows exactly when he
made this Dua but he makes another Dua
remember how many times did we have Dua
in the Quran about zakar how many three
this is second
one he sees that and he makes Dua to
Allah subhana wa tala or maybe before
allaham and that's a one line that's all
what he says
here Ya Allah do not leave me childless
childless without a successor though
you're the best of successors but at the
end of the day as desperate as he was Ya
Allah please I want a child Ya Allah
please I want a child because what's his
intent his intention is Dean not was M
was that made clear last session his
intention was for the sake of Allah I
want a successor a person that would
take the leadership role of Ben is but
he says Ya Allah even if I don't get it
in a way I know you'll always be
there so for the parents that are
getting old trying to help out their
kids and they're fearing death over
themselves you pray to Allah Ya Allah
please grant them good friends we always
as parents say ya Grant my children
righteous friends may Allah make it
possible for all of us say a mean so we
keep saying that and I have to know and
you have to know that even if they don't
find good friends around them we know
Allah will always be there for them you
see that to be able to put things
together something incredible happens to
Zakaria is the only one who is
responsible over it's not a
shared job or
task but he's noticing every every time
he comes to miam's place what Oh I
thought that was a microphone wow wow
all
right he he saw and he would find her
supplied with
Provisions so some say it was food that
was not normal to be found at that time
some said it was the fruits that you see
in Winter was given to her in the summer
and the fruits and the food that is in
summer was given to her in winter so
like it's not the first time like what's
going on maybe first time he didn't ask
much but then no no no no
Noam maram this is unbelievable he
says where did you get this from like no
one walks in like you don't you don't
have like a job or like there's no like
Uber Eats there's none of that stuff how
did you get that food how did you get
this there's no way anyone has this now
let alone have it sent to you like how
did you get it and what does say
this is from Allah subhanahu waala oh
this is a miracle Angels come deliver
the food
for but she says this is from Allah
subhah wa taala Allah gave this to maram
even though she had no means for it
right she had no tools to get this food
but she
says Allah gives whoever he wants
however he wants whenever he wants
without any accountability now when
Zakaria sees that the next Ayah Allah
says right then and
there right away he was moved by that I
saw something miraculous maram getting
something without her having the means
for it what comes to his mind I do not
have the means nor my wife has the means
to have what a child
so he sees a living Miracle so he's
moved by that and Allah
says right the way Zakaria made Dua my
point is not to tell you what he said
this the last Dua last one but I want to
appreciate something here the
word when you get motivated to do good
do not delay it that's what we learned
from him you see that some of us maybe
tonight are moved by what happens I'm
sure without a doubt almost almost every
session not almost every session pretty
much mallah someone says I I needed to
hear that I had someone uh couple weeks
ago or last week and I was in Windor
someone says to me it's as if you spoke
to me and many of you are like that
right now yes or no and that's how the
Quran works it just goes to us right to
the heart H so when you're moved about
something apply it work on it do not
delay it because that fire that
motivation may die down in a week agreed
so you might hear a session you're so
moved by it let's say some of you right
now you guys heard about the workshop we
have with mammed correct end of December
so right now a brother came to me and he
says when is your next session we're
done for the like are we going to have
another one so that energy I'm assuming
he was motivated for more and now like
alhamdulillah that's over I assume right
H I assume right okay so now he might be
motivated so I forgive me if I chose an
example so I would say h you asked about
the next session
don't delay registering for Mad CH did
you see how that worked out because now
you're energetic you're fired up you
know I don't want to do this many of us
we want to change bad habits we want to
change friends sometimes I'm not causing
any hate Sometimes the best time to
unfollow someone is
now right you're moov like you know I
really need to quit hanging out with
that person CU they're very very bad for
me don't wait to see now sometimes
you're moved by that may Allah grant us
strength say I mean so right then and
there people wait for the right time
Bitcoin just dropped bad today may Allah
protect us so people they buy a Bitcoin
right literally that's how Investments
work who right then and there when the
economy crashed I saved my cash to buy
real estate but his real estate and his
investment he wants it very much for the
nothing wrong with the D he made Dua to
Allah now I'm going to ask you a
question this is from my understanding
the last Dua he makes for having a
child this is the oldest he ever gets
right chronologically this is the oldest
day the moment you saw of mar that was
his oldest day what happens when we make
a lot of Dua many of us we downgrade the
Dua so our brother says for example Ya
Allah grant me for the sake of the theme
of tonight in a way grant me a righteous
wife Ya Allah a righteous wife a one who
memorized the Quran someone who prays
tud someone who is incredibly modest a
scholar of Islam
right he makes this
Dua what happens as the brother gets
older he doesn't say the essay I told
you he say Ya Allah righteous
wife that gets me to J right then the
brother may not try to get re getting
rejected there and he's trying and
getting denied Ya Allah grant me a
wife the more difficult it becomes
comes the higher you upgrade and the
further you take up your
standard did you guys see that cuz the
more impossible it
is the more broken you will be and the
more humble you'll be to Allah and the
more you acknowledge that God is way too
strong you see that so the next Ayah
Zakaria does not ask for a righteous
child that's what you've been saying the
whole time not this time you think I'm
old I'm just like just a
kid I want a child and a grandchild and
a great
grand the first child I want the whole
progeny
I don't want just my kid to be good I
want my grandchild to be good I want my
great great grandchild to be pure and
righteous you see that Dua upgrade and
that's how we should think of Allah
subhana wa taala imagine Zakaria seeing
one of us not just
downgrading giving up the Dua Zakia was
like no if there's anyone in the world
that would have given up on a Dua it
would have been this wonderful man you
agree if there's anyone on Earth that
would give up on a Dua it would be him
but he's still never gave up on Allah
and look at the remarkable ending look
at the remarkable
ending he says I know you hear me I know
you've been hearing me all these decades
and I know you're planning the best for
me some people say what is does God hear
me does God care about me no he didn't
just say God cares I know you've always
been there for me he knows every time he
made Dua for decades every time it was
answered he knows that and that's your
attitude Allah heard you when you made
that Dua 10 years and Allah heard you
today when you made that same Dua Allah
never is ignoring you may Allah protect
us may Allah grant us that ability to
make Dua to Allah
Sayan makes his Dua he's very moved by
it and as he was praying
someone calls
him yeah
zakar huh there's no insan there's no
human being maybe it's that same angel
that delivered the
food now he's delivering something to
Zakaria but not
food who is it zakar who is it Allah
says it was the Angels calling him zakar
good news
you will soon have a baby
boy is a baby
boyed can be male or
female are you guys with me is boy can
be male or female
so when she was pregnant she didn't say
say Ya Allah how can I have a boy she
said how can I have a kid regardless of
a gender you guys with me but with
Zakaria Allah clearly
says and Allah the angel says and you
know what Allah named him for you so
there's no more drawing Lots like what's
the name right right on paper whatever
we some of us
do this is a name his name is no human
being was ever named y before means what
give me like a a derivative of that
word which means what life right life
some said perhaps Allah chose y because
he will
he will bring back life to the hearts
that are dead Allah this is how you
become
optimistic can be the one who will
always be alive how is that go
ahead oh his Rememberance that people
continue to mention him I never came
across that before but that sounds so
great there's a poetry that says good
mentioning is an extension to your life
good remembrance phenomenal may Allah
grant you that excellent in your family
so it it's good news that your son will
be a Shah a martyr and a Shah a
martyr they will always be alive with
Allah subhah wa ta'ala and another
possible is because his heart will
always be alive and never polluted with
sin
okay what do we get from this Allah's
teaching us the importance to invest in
a good name for our
children you have to invest in that
because this is this is good optimism
why did you name a child that name
what's your point behind that and many
of us should think of this I know how
many miams raise your hand if you're a
miam right may Allah make you all
like and Allah says in the Quran four
qualities about him ready here we're
going to have more but Allah says and he
will be a
believer he will believe everything
Allah sent down amazing allahar and he
will believe in the word of Allah what's
that word we we might know at the end of
the session and he will be he'll be a
leader can you imagine how excited
Zakaria is a Believer and a leader
Chast
modest the they say means someone who
never ever falls into temptation ofam
allahar may Allah make our brothers and
sisters like that say a
mean even there's onei that's authentic
it says
how never committed ever such sin of
that sword that is Haram FNA of desires
Allah then the last one what's the best
thing Allah can
give and is a prophet so Allah is
telling him that you will soon have a
child what was zakaria's
response how happy were you ever at one
point in life remember the happiest
point in life what what happens when you
get something that like that you always
dreamt of that was so hard to achieve
what do you usually say no way you got
it but no way no is it is it right no
way and that's what he actually said he
says yaah Allah how can I have a son
when I'm very
old you've been making Dua for
decades and my wife is buing like I
don't have just one problem I got two I
am old and my wife was never able to get
pregnant and you have to respect
something I have to respect
something he didn't just keep blaming
his wife the whole
time did you guys see that he's like I'm
old I'm old and also my wife is barren
does she want something even more
amazing yes in this aah he says Ya Allah
I am old and my wife is
Barren
Al go to the other Surah he says my wife
is Barren and I am
old what does it
mean no one is responsible over this not
a husband well a wife
La father mother La girl well boy Allah
gives whoever he wants Allah gave the
worst living beings kids yes and Allah
did not give kids to the best human
beings as we know with z for the longest
time no children so you do not blame any
of the partners about that it's a
discussion you may have respectfully
according to this can I do that you come
to a discussion and so may Allah bless
all marriages say we're not causing
problems but we don't want to point
fingers in a negative way that's the
whole point here that's my main criteria
do not blame the people because this has
to do with Allah are you with me
obviously there's always these
disclaimers some people do mess up their
own body whatever that's not what I'm
talking about I'm saying natural things
may Allah bless you all with a righteous
spouse so he says Ya Allah how can I
have a boy when I'm very old and my wife
is Barren what does Allah tell
him what is Allah saying two things from
two two different suras here Allah's
response Allah tells
Zar Allah does whatever Allah Wills
anybody here knows what does Allah say
in Surah Allah gives a different answer
Allah gives a different answer so Allah
says I do whatever I want to do I don't
want it sound like a mean way when we
say that it sounds rude right I do
whatever I want to do Allah the best
example he says I do whatever I will
nothing is an obstacle upon me like you
can say I'm old my wife cannot be
pregnant doctors said that I took
medication Allah said if I want
something to happen it happens you see
how you see how we get that so Allah
said and Allah says
in Allah says that was
easy when you hear that how can you give
up on
Allah they the World tells you
impossible you cannot you're just a man
you're just a woman you're this you're
that Allah tells Zakaria that was
easy nothing you know what Allah tells
him why are you surprised
Zakaria if this is what is
mindboggling then remember you came from
nothing like now you came from a father
and a mother right the that came from a
father and a mother very old age Your
Existence came from no mother or father
Adam came from
nothing and asks for a
sign he's asking what today we say a
pregnancy
test Ya Allah like like how can I know
that my wife is
pregnant right many of us are he's so
H's so excited you have no I cannot
really animate how happy he is and don't
say just wait 9 months remember when you
were expecting a child for the parents
here what happens the the father comes
like can we get an ultrasound yeah Habi
it's week one he like when does it work
we it's like okay okay can we get an
ultrasound right yeah okay then the time
comes for an ultrasound wait 9 months no
no no I'm so excited especially the
first kid by the seventh one you're like
whatever anyhow protect this if you're
number seven it's okay all right
alhamdulillah for everything right Give
Me A Sign Ya Allah so then the
ultrasound date comes and you're so
happy I learned this example ABD may
Allah bless him you go to the ultrasound
room and the
doctor oh here he is you see him like oh
you have no idea what you're
seeing you have no you see something
doing this oh my God right and then
you're so can I can I can I print this
print it put it where and the mskk takes
the whole image goes home and puts it
and whoever
comes check this out and the Other M has
to fake it oh
Allah he has your eyes
yeah he has your eyes right may Allah
forgive us right but just so happy so he
says Ya Allah give me a sign that my
wife is pregnant and what's the sign
sign what's that sign Allah
says is that your sign is that you will
not be able to speak you will be mute to
people for three days except through
gestures I'm confused a little bit maybe
because the English in another Ayah
Allah says you will not be able to speak
to people three nights though you are
sa means you're healthy so Allah says I
will cause you to not be able to speak
for three days like you want to
talk you
cannot and some may
wonder what does this have to do with a
son because nothing is
random one of the things I came
across is Allah going to show
Zakaria you are healthy
and I took the ability to speak without
any cause like you didn't have like some
of us we lose our sense of smell because
of covid may Allah protect us he lost
the sense of
talking though he never got anything
wrong with him like if he went to go
check up there's nothing wrong to show
him and show Ben is just like how he was
healthy and I took it away he was
unhealthy and I gave him something did
you see that so then Allah says you will
not be able to speak for 3 days but you
still have to do dawa you still have to
call he's a prophet of Allah he's
leadership there's no break there's no
break if you know the truth there's no
breaks for those that know the truth you
go through gestures but what's the one
thing he can say I'm confused there's
one thing he can say which is what
you can do Subhan Allah wow how are
you is everything he can't talk but he
can do it Subhan Allah
alhamdulillah okay brothers and sisters
what's the connection between
the and the nudes and all what's going
on anybody can put a connection together
about like why is the only thing he can
say because when you hear good news
and one of the things Allah says when
you are blessed speak about it and one
of the ways to speak about a blessing is
say
alhamdulillah so he's showing us Allah
that when you hear the best news of the
Dy in your life in a way you need to
glorify Allah when blessings come to you
you need to be a better
person when you succeed you celebrate
with
faith but we are in a society that is
the complete opposite to an extent to
this when they succeed when they
graduate when they get married when they
have kids they some of them get
wasted we're the
opposite as a Muslim when you are
successful when Eid comes don't throw
Ramadan away and send the first day and
Eid comes don't you go Miss fer
intentionally you see what I'm saying
here yes you you're happy for your
wedding may Allah grant you all a
beautiful wedding you want to have a
buffet with sushi um smoked salmon
that's your appetizer may Allah make it
easier for you no hating to those who
can afford but when you celebrate don't
accept Haram in your
wedding that's how you really celebrate
so this is what we want to learn from
zakar
then the wife of Zakaria is expecting
how did Zakaria know one day he might
have come
out he can't
say right then Allah says in the Quran
and he start going out to the people and
he start telling
them Subhan Allah Subhan Allah Subhan
Allah
allahar the question to you why is he
telling them to
do now we all understood inshallah why
he's saying it right one of the reasons
to show gratitude to Allah but why
should B is say
that because the
existence of a scholar in their city is
not just a blessing to zakar to have a
son it's a blessing to the whole
community so you too should say VI
because a prophet is coming so you
should also be happy and Allah subhah wa
taala allows eventually to have baby yya
delivered it was a very peaceful
delivery Allah saved the body of his mom
because she was very very old and yah is
growing he's still a kid growing growing
growing and check what Allah commands to
do that's the first First
Command was young you know how old was
he when he was a
prophet he was about 7even years old
what he was one of the youngest prophets
ever when he was able to speak
comprehend Allah fixed him up in a way
that he's a prophet received Revelation
as a and Allah says number
one take the religion seriously and he's
saying this to a kid imagine the
adults take this Dean seriously take
your Salah seriously what is this thing
like you know what when I come back home
I'll pray you're not taking it
seriously take your respect to parents
seriously take the Quran seriously this
religion is not a joke you see people
taking other things seriously have you
ever seen a guy that goes to the gym
with a with a gallon right he grabs a
gallon and drinks water are not
embarrassed with this look he's like no
bro I'm a gym rat you're what gym rat
and he's always in the gym they rat may
Allah protect us but really people are
dedicated like uh brother sister have
some U tell me SAA have some SAA extra
honey I cannot they're taking something
serious what is it keto
diet what about you
optivia right and you're dead serious
you're not mean but you're serious they
put they put they put crap they put sui
with
Nutella
like right and you're holding tight I'm
not telling you about over sweets and
food and drink and this I'm trying take
this religion
seriously may Allah make us of those
people that take the dean so seriously
may Allah protect us but there's
something very cool about Allah blessed
him with certain
things and we granted him wisdom while
he was still a
child he was as well as
Purity actually means
compassion and what's so amazing about
him having
Han though he's young is that many
people who are young are overzealous
right because yya was so educated when
he was a sa but what makes him a great
sa he was an educated merciful kid okay
and he
pure and here Allah says at the
end and he was so so kind to his parents
and when Allah highlights this W it's an
honor because we know that as Allah says
when your parents become old don't say o
the older people become the less patient
they may be right and sometimes you
notice it within your own self I'm
getting older I'm not as patient so
Allah is telling us his parents are so
old yet he's so respectful may Allah
make us
like and he was never arrogant because
he's a prophet you know how much Quran I
have memorized you know no no no he's
very humble to Allah and to the people
and at the end Allah
says peace be upon when he was born
peace be upon him when he dies and peace
be upon him when he's resurrected some
they said because these are the three
scariest points in your life the day
you're born there's a lot of fear even
today even in hospitals the oxygen the
you know thing rotating around the neck
and so on and so forth alham we have a
lot of sign today to help with C-section
and things of that sort but many times
people used to die from this may Allah
bless all our mothers say a mean so
peace be upon him the day he died I mean
the day he was born and the day he dies
because many people fear death even
non-muslims they say one of the scariest
things to people is public speaking
along with it is death Subhan
Allah and peace be upon him the day he's
raised back to life you know why because
because the day of Resurrection as we
know from an authentic Hadith the
prophets say the day
of Allah is so angry he was never as
angry ever before so Allah says for him
he will always be in peace the last Ayah
to share with you why was zakaria's Dua
accepted why was Zakaria this is the
last part that's it we're done I want to
ask you a question to see how much you
guys were paying attention last session
ready why did Allah save yunus from the
stomach of the whale we emphasized a lot
go
ahead may Allah make you of the say
excellent for all those who thought of
the answer Allah says if it wasn't that
he said subh lot he would have stayed in
the whale's stomach till the day of
judgment like he would die he grave will
be there and he'll be resurrected from
the stomach Swale but what saved him was
now the question is this a Dua that is
extremely Against All Odds without
exaggeration correct one of the most
extreme Dua that was ever accepted why
did Allah accept it Allah tells us three
things if we get these three things the
chances of your Dua being accepted
skyrockets number
one they used to race not to good Deans
they used to race from one to the other
good deed it's
different they raise to do good
no they run from one good de to the
other to the next to the third to the
fourth non-stop they go all over the
place did Zakaria do that did I share
with you a story example did I share
with you about something he did what was
it may Allah bless you and make you like
Zakaria say mean remember when he rushed
to go take care of maram though he was
old he does not delay that which is
right they don't postpone their outside
the acceptable
limits if there's something wrong they
change they take
action if there's an obligation I'll do
everything I can to complete
it they used to always make Dua
and did Zakaria do that did he always
make Dua he's probably the best example
literally I think in the entire Quran of
someone who continuously made Dua for
decades and decades and never gave up
you know what the prophet sallallahu
alaihi wasallam says Allah will accept
your Dua as long as you're not Hasty
that's what the prophet sallallahu alai
wasallam
said as long as you're not Hasty so the
people say what does hasty mean he says
a person says
I made Dua I made Dua I made Dua I never
saw it
happening so he lets go of the Dua and
he
stops so this means if you continueed
sometimes one more time two more times
10 more times you would have got it just
a little bit more the last
one and they were always humble to Allah
subhanahu wa ta'ala whatever Allah
decrees for them they were always
accepting they made Dua to for 17 years
for this Allah did not give it or Allah
delayed it
ald always that's their case and I
remember I shared this with you before I
think many years ago of a brother who I
used to see in another city walking to
the Masjid there's a young man always
walks to the Masjid blizzard
thunderstorm he walks to the Masjid very
inspiring I'll be honest and I used to
see him so I used to park on the side
say Child come in come in so I used to
drop him off at the Masid and bring him
back to the school to to his house
doesn't have a bus pass or a car or bike
well nothing what even scooter nothing
just walks a Time came where I stopped
seeing him in the
Masjid I know his house so a week or two
passed and I went to his
house knocked on the door and I was
concerned about him because he's always
first dra unless when I'm picking him up
sometimes I delay him but he's always
there so I saw him standing so I was
like alhamdulillah like I didn't say Al
I was happy cuz he's fine so I told
himay he's like what do you want he said
a bad word he said what do you want now
we know if someone says Salam you have
to reply back I said I came to check on
you I was thrown off like he do sayum it
was very weird I said I said I came to
check on you he said I'm good now move
on in life he's about to close the door
I said
no this is subjective don't do what I'm
doing cuz in my situation it was
different some some of you can push some
of you cannot with him I pushed a bit I
said I'm not going anywhere relax I just
came to check on you is everything okay
he's like everything is fineas move on I
said I'm not going anywhere tell me
what's the problem and I will do
everything I can to help you if I cannot
help you I'll say I cannot help you it's
as simple as it sounds but there's no
way I will accept to leave you just like
that let me take a shot at this let me
try he's said okay whatever come with me
he's so upset he said and we went down
to the basement what your story he's
like listen you know how dedicated I am
to the Masjid I come no matter how the
weather is like I'm like I know he's
like there's a blizzard there's a
thunder storm no matter what it is I
walk there I'm like w I know I'm the one
who picks you up I know exactly what
you're talking about I'm I testify to
that what's the problem he did this to
me he said for the past nine months he
said nine months I've been making all
kinds of Dua not a single one God gave
me all kinds of Dua whether marriage or
car or scholarship or anything anything
not one thing out of n months Allah gave
me what I want why should I worship him
he dropped the ball completely dropped
Salah dropped everything and this is the
danger
of without without knowledge did you see
what just happened here there's a lot
some of you can think of to say I told
him one thing that came to my mind I
said the prophet sallallah Al wasam says
whenever you make Dua to Allah subhanahu
waala in one Hadith one of three things
happen you ask Allah for something
whatever it may be Ya Allah I want this
I want this I want this person for
marriage I want this scholarship
whatever it may be you asked Allah Allah
will give you what you asked
for option two you asked Allah for this
thing maybe for years and
decades but Allah did not give it to you
what's option two Allah will block
something that was going to come to you
block no I want it to block I want it to
come I'm not talking the thing that you
want will be blocked you make Dua Allah
will block a thing that you do not want
to come towards you remember the first
story I told you at the beginning of the
session de the deer Mah excellent
remember when I was driving for those
that came I was driving last night last
night at 70 some miles per hour and a
deer came right in front of me then
Allah helped me by going back to the
left and going back and then
aldah dead
so this might have been because of a Dua
that I did when I was in high school Ya
Allah I want this University Allah I
want this University I never got the
acceptance letter from that University
so I got accepted in nickm University
which is in Hamilton but I really wanted
waterl in which is in Ontario it's one
of the best engineering schools in the
entire
Province but Allah did not give that to
me then I stayed locally and maybe that
was the blessing you guys with me so
that's option two you ask Allah for
something Allah blocks a hardship the
last op option is what you ask Allah for
something he does not give you what you
asked for he does not block a hardship
that was coming your way option three
Allah turns it to Good
Deeds where you need it so bad imagine
that was a Dua that you're about to go
to hell but because of your Dua remember
the whole Ashley
situation right you ask Allah to get
married to Ash 17 million times in high
school that becomes Hass you're about to
go to hell you see that
not being accepted but transformed to
good deeds and that's what saved you
you're like
alhamdulillah right the sah
said we will never stop making Dua it's
a win winwin situation and every time
you make a Dua a a hardship is blocked
by the way and are given it's not like
one Dua 100 times only one reward you
guys with me every time you made the Dua
for a righteous spouse every single time
if Allah didn't give it to you now Allah
will give it to you later at a great
scale or every time a hardship is
stopped allahar you know how many times
you were saved so the sahab we will not
stop the prophet sallallahu alhi
wasallam did not say come on guys don't
be greedy he said Allah Allah loves this
attitude so I shared that with the
brother a little bit more alhamdulillah
and now he's back to the Masjid
committed by the help of Allah subhanahu
wa ta'ala may Allah bless you may Allah
protect you may Allah preserve you if
you can make tonight's Dua a little bit
special can we do that inshallah just a
little bit special and ask for things
that people may think you're crazy but
you tell them you're crazy but don't do
that because I have Allah on my side
because as Allah
says that was easy everything is easy in
Allah may Allah grant you all that which
you wish for that is good for you and
may Allah protect you from every evil Ya
Allah and may Allah raise your ranks in
this life and the afterlife it was an
honor to be teaching this thank you so
much for your patience throughout the
three
nights Salam alikum